---
title: "projects"
bg: color3
color: black
style: left
fa-icon: code
---

### Bellmania

#### Deductive synthesis for large-scale implementations of dynamic programming algorithms. Strives to produce cache-oblivious distributed programs using a divide-and-conquer method. Incorporates modern proof techniques with a software refinement paradigm.

### Object Spreadsheets

#### Joint work with SDG; Attempts to make data-driven programming more accessible to end-users by imitating the look-and-feel of spreadsheets. The design comprises of a hybrid tabular-hierarchical data model, a query language for writing formulas, and an IDE.

### Cyber-Physical Security

#### Safety-critical embedded systems are vulnerable to combinations of cyber and physical attacks. Examples include Stuxnet attacks on power grids and GPS spoofing. We use program analysis and synthesis techniques to analyze security vulnerability and develop defense mechanisms. 

### Control Design Automation

#### To design controllers for dynamical systems is to solve a special class of program synthesis problems. We exploit the connection between control theory and formal methods to develop automated methods for hybrid and nonlinear control. 

### DemoMatch

#### Have you ever seen an app do something and thought “I want my app to do that too?” DemoMatch gives you a tutorial for doing something with a framework simply by observing another program doing so.

### Synquid

#### Synquid stands for SYNthesis from liQUID types. It extends the Liquid Types framework, which has been used successfully in program verification, to the domain of program synthesis, exploiting the combination of types and SMT-decidable predicates to generate provably correct programs in a modular fashion.

### Sigma

#### Sigma is a probabilistic programming language.  It allows you to specify arbitrarily complex probabilistic models as functional programs, and provides inference procedures to answer questions about the model.  Sigma’s inference algorithms combine modern statistical inference methods with abstract interpretation, SAT solving, and non-linear constraint solving.

### MSL

#### MSL is a synthesis enabled language for writing bulk-synchronous SPMD implementations.

### 3cobblers

#### 3cobblers is an approximate program synthesis framework. Rather than synthesizing a correct program all at once, which can be difficult, it synthesizes a sequence of simpler approximate programs that approaches the correct program. 

### AutoSMT

#### AutoSMT is a framework for automatically generating domain-specific rewriters for SMT problems. The generated problem rewriters are auto-tuned to performance of a specific solver for problems from a particular domain. 
